DOC: Encourage local_bkg in ApertureStats (#1338)
astropy/photutils: docs/aperture.rst

    >>> phot_table = aperture_photometry(data - bkg, aperture)  # doctest: +SKIP

> In the case of a constant background, you can pass it in as global background
> using ``local_bkg`` in :class:`~photutils.aperture.ApertureStats`, which
> would prevent the need of reading the entire memory-mapped data into memory
> before hand, as what would happen if you subtract it manually above;
> so instead you could do this::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the case of a constant global background, you can pass in the background
value using ``local_bkg`` in :class:`~photutils.aperture.ApertureStats`.
This would avoid reading an entire memory-mapped array into memory
beforehand, as would happen if you manually subtract the background as
shown above. So instead you could do this::
```

Author: Thanks!
